h1. README

TechCrunch MySpace OAuth tester app.  By "Henry Work":http://www.henrywork.com.  Files originally created by "Viphak Lay":http://viphaklay.com/.

h2. Requirements

* pear http_request library "pear.php.net":http://pear.php.net/ (used for making http requests)
* php 5.2+ _or_ "json-php":http://mike.teczno.com/json.html (used for json parsing)
* MySpace Developer account: "MySpace Developer":http://developer.myspace.com

h2. Installation

# Install pear http_request library: sudo pear install http_request
# Sign up to be a "MySpace Developer":http://developer.myspace.com
# Put your CONSUMER_KEY and CONSUMER_SECRET in app-config.php 
# In 'Edit Details', configure the callback urls, external url, external domain
# Configure your authorization url in app.php on line 72.

h2. Known Issues

# Not properly catching Exceptions
	* _Server Too Busy_ timeouts.  Apparently MySpace is having some queuing issues via some badly behaving 3rd party apps.  
	* _Request Token Timeout_.  This app contains no state via a database or session cooke [I want to do this].  So the request token times out if you keep refreshing the results page.

h2. Links

* "TechCrunch MySpace App":http://www.techcrunch.com/myspace/app.php
* "Original Data Availability article":http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/06/26/myspace-opens-up-the-data-pipe-with-launch-of-data-availability/
* "Announcement of Tester App":http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/06/26/the-first-test-app-for-myspace-data-availability/
* "Data Availability REST Resources":http://developer.myspace.com/community/myspace/da.aspx